ASSIGNMENT-1:


1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
*, 'hello', -87.8, -, /, +, 6

Ans: Values :- 'hello', -87.8, 6 
     Operators :- *, -, /, +


2. What is the difference between string and variable?

Ans: String is a datatype which is usually written in single or double quotation and Variable is like a storage where we can can store a data.
     Example :- 'Hello' is a string and  we can assign this string to a variable like : greet = 'Hello'. Here greet is variable and 'Hello is string.


3. Describe three different data types.

Ans: String: Characters, digits, or symbols—always written in single or double quotation treated as String. Ex - 'Hello', '+91 65987569'
     Integer: POsitive or negative numeric value which is not a fraction.  ex : 1, 125
     Boolean: This data type includes two values, True(When Condition Satisfied) and False(When Condition is not satisfied).


4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

Ans: A collection of constants and variables connected one or more of the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division. Ex: x = x + 25
     All expression produces some value or result after doing some operations.


5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an
expression and a statement?

Ans: A statement in Python is used for creating variables or for displaying values which is not evaluated for some values. 
     The expression in Python produces some value or result which is evaluated for some values.
     Eg -> x=3 is a statement but x = 7=3*20 is an expression.
    

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Ans: bacon = 22 because 1 is added with bacon but not assigned to bacon variable .


7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
Ans : Both contains same value: 'spamspamspam'


8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

Ans: Because variable name cannot start  with a number.


9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?

Ans: To get integer we use int() func
     To get floating-point number we use float() func
     To get string we use str() func


10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

Ans :- Output: I have eaten 99 burritos.


Submitted by:- Pranjit Chowdhury
Batch :- FSD Bootcamp 2.0
